DOC: Add guvectorize scalar return example (#8624)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/vectorize.rst

   Use it to ensure the generated code does not fallback to
   :term:`object mode`.

.. _scalar-return-values:

Scalar return values
------------------------

> Now suppose we want to return a scalar value from :func:`~numba.guvectorize`::
> 
>    @guvectorize([(int64[:], int64, int64[:])], '(n),()->()')
>    def g(x, y, res):
>        acc=0
>        for i in range(x.shape[0]):
>            acc += x[i] + y
>        res[0]=acc
> 
> The modified function takes the sum of the 1-dimensional array (``x``) plus the scalar (``y``).
> There are a few important changes that allow the wrapped function to return a scalar:
> 
> * in the signatures, declare the scalar return with ``[:]`` like a 1-dimensional array (eg. ``int64[:]``)
> * in the layout, declare it as ``()``
> * in the implementation, write the return value to output. (e.g. ``res[0]=acc``)

Reviewer: I think it would be easier to digest if we write the explanation of how to return scalars then follow with an example. E.g.:

```suggestion
Now suppose we want to return a scalar value from :func:`~numba.guvectorize`. To do this, we need to:

* in the signatures, declare the scalar return with ``[:]`` like a 1-dimensional array (eg. ``int64[:]``),
* in the layout, declare it as ``()``,
* in the implementation, write to the first element (e.g. ``res[0] = acc``).

The following example function computes the sum of the 1-dimensional array (``x``) plus the scalar (``y``) and returns it as a scalar:
```

(then the example follows afterwards). Note there are some minor edits to each point in the suggestion above too.

Author: Thanks for the review. I'll add this example as a doc test and address the other samples in a follow-up PR.

   Use it to ensure the generated code does not fallback to
   :term:`object mode`.

.. _scalar-return-values:

Scalar return values
--------------------

Now suppose we want to return a scalar value from :func:`~numba.guvectorize`. To do this, we need to:

* in the signatures, declare the scalar return with ``[:]`` like a 1-dimensional array (eg. ``int64[:]``),

* in the layout, declare it as ``()``,

* in the implementation, write to the first element (e.g. ``res[0] = acc``).

The following example function computes the sum of the 1-dimensional array (``x``) plus the scalar (``y``) and returns it as a scalar:

.. literalinclude:: ../../../numba/tests/doc_examples/test_examples.py
   :language: python
   :caption: from ``test_guvectorize_scalar_return`` of ``numba/tests/doc_examples/test_examples.py``
   :start-after: magictoken.ex_guvectorize_scalar_return.begin
   :end-before: magictoken.ex_guvectorize_scalar_return.end
   :dedent: 12
   :linenos:

> Now apply the wrapped function over the array, we get a scalar value as the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now if we apply the wrapped function over the array, we get a scalar value as the output:
```

    >>> a = np.arange(5)
    >>> g(a,2)

>     20

Reviewer: Could you convert this to a `literalinclude` of the `magictoken.ex_guvectorize_scalar_return_call.begin`-enclosed block suggested below please?

   >>> res = np.zeros_like(x)
   >>> g(x, y, res)
   >>> res

>    array([10, 11, 12, 13, 14])

Author: Ther output in this example was incorrect.
